Printing first N bytes when the received error is not a JSON (#259)
reef-technologies/b2-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

* Authorizing a key for a single bucket ensures that this bucket is cached
* `Bucket.ls` operation supports wildcard matching strings
* Documentation for AbstractUploadSource and its children

> * `InvalidJsonResponse` when the received error is not a proper JSON document, or `PotentialS3EndpointPassedAsRealm` if the response `url` contained `//s3.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `InvalidJsonResponse` when the received error is not a proper JSON document
* Raising `PotentialS3EndpointPassedAsRealm` when a specific misconfiguration is suspected
```
